# gvar-productivity
The two Microsoft Excel files contain data related to the paper titled "The effects of productivity gains and trade openness in Asian emerging economies: A global perspective" by Dumrongrittikul, Anderson and Vahid.

* The file **dataset.xlsx** contains data for countries/regions used for our main analysis and the construction of foreign variables. Each sheet contains year, the log real effective exchange rate (q), the log nominal exchange rate (e), the log nominal exchange rate relative to CPI (ep), the log traded-nontraded productivity differential (x), log real GDP (y), the nominal interest rate (si), the log government consumption share (gov), the log international trade share (open), the log CPI (p) and inflation (inf) for each country/region. The consumer price indices, nominal exchange rates, export value indices, import value indices, government consumption (% of GDP), as well as exports and imports (% of GDP) for all countries were drawn from the World Development Indicators (WDI), although the export and import value indices for Thailand, India, and Pakistan were taken from the IMF's International Financial Statistics (IFS). The IFS money market rate series were used as the short-term interest rate, except for China, for which the IFS deposit rate was used. When constructing productivity by sector, we used GDP series measured in constant 1990 local currency units, classified by economic activity (ISIC 3) into seven categories. These were mainly taken from the National Accounts Main Aggregates database, compiled by The United Nations (UN). Employment classified by ISIC 3 was from the LABORSTA database. Oil prices (averages of Brent Crude series) were drawn from Datastream.

* The file **Trade_matrix.xlsx** contains a 26x26 matrix of the trade shares used for constructing the country-specific foreign variables. The trade weights used to construct country specific foreign variables were drawn from the Direction of Trade statistics obtained from the IMF.
